nomad client cpu info (#4338)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-ports.adoc

== Nomad Clients

Nomad client machines run CircleCI jobs that are scheduled by the Nomad Server. The Minimum CPU, RAM, and disk space requirements per client are as follows:

- CPU: 4 cores
- RAM: 32GB
- Disk space: 100GB
- NIC speed: 1Gbps

For an AWS install of CircleCI Server, the recommended instance type for Nomad clients is `m4.2xlarge` (8 vCPUs @ 2.4GHz, 32GB RAM). 

> You can choose a larger instance type to fit more jobs per Client. To help in this choice, consider that when Nomad decides if a job will fit on a Client, it calculates CPU capacity as `number of cores * clock speed`. Using this method, the maximum capacity of a `m4.2xlarge` would be `19200MHz`, which would mean 9.6 jobs could run on that client (if there were no limiting factors). In practice, Nomad will researve some CPU for itself, and the available RAM would be the limiting factor, governing how many jobs can run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose a larger instance type to fit more jobs per Client. To help in this choice, consider that when Nomad decides if a job will fit on a Client, the Job is allocated 1024MHz per CPU, and capacity is `number of cores` * `clock speed`. Using this method, the maximum capacity of a `m4.2xlarge` would be `19200MHz`, which would mean 9.6 jobs could run on that client (if there were no limiting factors). In practice, Nomad will researve some CPU for itself, and because of the CPU:RAM ratio, the available RAM is the limiting factor governing how many jobs can run.
```

Maybe needs another wordsmithing pass after that, but I tried to stuff a bit more information in there

Author: Thanks @glenjamin!
